I believe nearby left shoulders down
chest up this is Falcon already then a
little playful yeah it seems very easy
on day one yeah it's really I think this
is where it starts to get really serious
yeah you need to complete the time yeah
at the moment you're not completing the
test
the problem with Lisa she's been
training with flat shoes and we all know
that to do latin-american dancing you
need Latin American shoes I finding the
heels slightly slow me down to walk with
your legs straight seems to me rather an
odd thing to do but it looks terribly
easy when Vincent goes in him we need to
pull itself up strong no you know
clothing are you brushing I know she's
gonna look magnificent on the dance
floor but what worries me is if she can
remember the privacy I don't want to
just travel I wanted to enjoy them you
need to let go of me it's just I know
it's hard these is very ambitious for
Vincent and he is such so brilliant he
obviously wants his partner to be
reasonably good and I'm way away from
being that yes I guess we'll just be
working very hard and see see how we go